a > a
à > a
ab > a
abbas > abbas
abbate > abbas
abbatem > abbas
abbates > abbas
abbati > abbas
abbatia > abbatia
abbatis > abbas
abbatissa > abbatissa
abbatum > abbas
abige > abigo
abigeatus > abigeatus
abscisus > abscido
absens > absum
absentat > absento
absentem > absento
absolutus > absolutus
absolvatur > absolvo
absolvere > absolvo
absolvi > absolvo
absolvitur > absolvo
ac > atque
accedens > accedo
accepimus > accipio
accipiant > accipio
accipiatur > accipio
accusa > accudo
accusandi > accuso
accusandum > accuso
accusare > accuso
accusari > accuso
accusasti > accuso
accusat > accuso
accusatio > accusatio
accusatione > accusatio
accusationem > accusatio
accusationi > accusatio
accusationis > accusatio
accusationum > accusatio
accusator > accusator
accusatore > accusator
accusatorem > accusator
accusatur > accuso
accusatus > accuso
accusaverit > accuso
accuset > accuso
accusetur > accuso
acquirit > acquiro
acquisierit > acquiro
acti > actum
actio > actio
actione > actio
actionem > actio
actiones > actio
actionibus > actio
actionis > actio
actor > actor
actore > actor
actori > actor
actoris > actor
actum > actum
ad > ad
administratione > administratio
administrationem > administratio
admissi > admissum
admitti > admitto
admittitur > admitto
admittuntur > admitto
adulte > adultus
adulter > adulter
adulterandam > adultero
adulterantem > adultero
adulteri > adulter
adulterio > adulterio
adulterium > adulterium
adversario > adversarius
adversarium > adversarius
adverse > adverse
advocator > advocator
afficiuntur > afficio
agatur > ago
agendi > ago
agendum > ago
agens > agens
agere > agero
agi > ago
agit > ago
agitur > ago
ait > aio
alia > alea
alias > alea
alicuius > aliqui
aliena > aliena
alienare > alieno
alienatio > alienatio
aliis > alea
alimenta > alimentum
alio > alio
alioquin > alioqui
aliorum > alium
aliquam > aliquam
aliquem > aliqui
aliqui > aliqui
aliquid > aliquid
aliquis > aliqui
aliquo > aliqui
aliquod > aliqui
aliquorum > aliqui
aliter > aliter
alium > alium
alphabeti > alphabetum
alteri > alter
alterius > alius
alterum > alter
amicum > amicus
amplius > ample
an > an
angeli > angelus
animarum > anima
anni > annus
anno > anno
annotata > annoto
annum > annus
ante > ante
antequam > antequam
anteriorum > anterior
antiqua > antiqua
antiquis > antiqua
antiquorum > antiqua
apostata > apostata
apostatarum > apostata
appareat > appareo
apparitores > apparitor
appellat > appello
appellationi > appellatio
approbato > approbatus
approbatos > approbatus
approbaverat > approbo
ar > ad
arbitrium > arbitrium
argumentum > argumentum
artium > ars
assignata > assigno
assumit > assumo
atque > atque
attendens > attendo
auctore > auctor
auctoritate > auctoritas
audi > audio
audiatur > audio
audire > audio
auditis > audio
auditur > audio
audiuntur > audio
aurea > aureus
ausus > audeo
aut > aut
autem > autem
avi > avis
baptismo > baptismus
beatissimi > beatus
beatus > beatus
bellicam > bellicus
benedicere > benedico
benedici > benedico
benedictus > benedico
beneficia > beneficium
beneficio > beneficium
benivolum > benevolus
bis > bios
bona > bonum
bonam > bonus
bone > bonus
bonis > bonum
bonitate > bonitas
bonum > bonum
cadit > cado
calum > cala
calumnia > calumnia
calumniari > calumnior
calumniose > calumniosus
cano > cano
canones > canon
canonica > canonicus
canonice > canonicus
canonico > canonicus
capellas > capella
capitalis > capital
capituli > capitulum
capitulis > capitulum
capitulum > capitulum
careat > careo
caritate > caritas
casibus > casus
casu > casus
casum > casus
casus > casus
causa > causa
causam > causa
causis > causa
cautelam > cautela
cautione > cautio
cautionem > cautio
cavere > caveo
cedere > cedo
cellam > cella
cellulas > cellula
cessio > cessio
cessione > cessio
cessit > cedo
cetera > cetera
ceteras > ceterus
ceteri > ceterus
ceteris > ceterus
christiane > christianus
christianus > christianus
ci > cieo
ciam > cieo
circa > circa
citationem > citatio
cives > civis
ciue > civis
ciueis > civis
ciuem > civis
ciueram > cieo
ciueramus > cieo
ciuerant > cieo
ciueras > cieo
ciuerat > cieo
ciueratis > cieo
ciuere > cieo
ciuerim > cieo
ciuerimus > cieo
ciuerint > cieo
ciueris > cieo
ciuerit > cieo
ciueritis > cieo
ciuero > cieo
ciuerunt > cieo
ciues > civis
ciui > cieo
ciuibus > civis
ciuica > civicus
ciuicae > civicus
ciuicam > civicus
ciuicarum > civicus
ciuicas > civicus
ciuice > civicus
ciuicei > civicus
ciuiceis > civicus
ciuici > civicus
ciuicior > civicus
ciuiciora > civicus
ciuiciore > civicus
ciuiciorem > civicus
ciuiciores > civicus
ciuiciori > civicus
ciuicioribus > civicus
ciuicioris > civicus
ciuiciorum > civicus
ciuicis > civicus
ciuicissima > civicus
ciuicissimae > civicus
ciuicissimam > civicus
ciuicissimarum > civicus
ciuicissimas > civicus
ciuicissime > civicus
ciuicissimei > civicus
ciuicissimeis > civicus
ciuicissimi > civicus
ciuicissimis > civicus
ciuicissimo > civicus
ciuicissimorum > civicus
ciuicissimos > civicus
ciuicissimum > civicus
ciuicissimus > civicus
ciuicissuma > civicus
ciuicissumae > civicus
ciuicissumam > civicus
ciuicissumarum > civicus
ciuicissumas > civicus
ciuicissume > civicus
ciuicissumei > civicus
ciuicissumeis > civicus
ciuicissumi > civicus
ciuicissumis > civicus
ciuicissumo > civicus
ciuicissumorum > civicus
ciuicissumos > civicus
ciuicissumum > civicus
ciuicissumus > civicus
ciuicius > civicus
ciuico > civicus
ciuicorum > civicus
ciuicos > civicus
ciuicum > civicus
ciuile > civilis
ciuilem > civilis
ciuiles > civilis
ciuili > civilis
ciuilia > civilis
ciuilibus > civilis
ciuilior > civilis
ciuiliora > civilis
ciuiliore > civilis
ciuiliorem > civilis
ciuiliores > civilis
ciuiliori > civilis
ciuilioribus > civilis
ciuilioris > civilis
ciuiliorum > civilis
ciuilissima > civilis
ciuilissimae > civilis
ciuilissimam > civilis
ciuilissimarum > civilis
ciuilissimas > civilis
ciuilissime > civilis
ciuilissimei > civilis
ciuilissimeis > civilis
ciuilissimi > civilis
ciuilissimis > civilis
ciuilissimo > civilis
ciuilissimorum > civilis
ciuilissimos > civilis
ciuilissimum > civilis
ciuilissimus > civilis
ciuilissuma > civilis
ciuilissumae > civilis
ciuilissumam > civilis
ciuilissumarum > civilis
ciuilissumas > civilis
ciuilissume > civilis
ciuilissumei > civilis
ciuilissumeis > civilis
ciuilissumi > civilis
ciuilissumis > civilis
ciuilissumo > civilis
ciuilissumorum > civilis
ciuilissumos > civilis
ciuilissumum > civilis
ciuilissumus > civilis
ciuilitate > civilitas
ciuilitateis > civilitas
ciuilitatem > civilitas
ciuilitates > civilitas
ciuilitati > civilitas
ciuilitatibus > civilitas
ciuilitatis > civilitas
ciuilitatium > civilitas
ciuilitatum > civilitas
ciuiliter > civilis
ciuilium > civilis
ciuilius > civilis
ciuimus > cieo
ciuisse > cieo
ciuissem > cieo
ciuissemus > cieo
ciuissent > cieo
ciuisses > cieo
ciuisset > cieo
ciuissetis > cieo
ciuisti > cieo
ciuistis > cieo
ciuit > cieo
ciuitate > civitas
ciuitateis > civitas
ciuitatem > civitas
ciuitates > civitas
ciuitati > civitas
ciuitatibus > civitas
ciuitatis > civitas
ciuitatium > civitas
ciuitatulae > civitatula
ciuitatulam > civitatula
ciuitatularum > civitatula
ciuitatulas > civitatula
ciuitatuleis > civitatula
ciuitatulis > civitatula
ciuitatum > civitas
ciuium > civis
cive > civis
civile > civilis
civilem > civilis
civiles > civilis
civili > civilis
civilia > civilis
civilibus > civilis
civilium > civilis
civiliter > civilis
clauditur > claudeo
claustri > claustrum
claustrum > claustrum
claves > clavis
claues > clavis
clauis > clavis
clauium > clavis
cleri > clerus
clerici > clericus
clerico > clericus
clericos > clericus
clericum > clericus
coadiutor > coadiutor
cogi > cogo
cognita > cognitus
cognoverit > cognosco
cohabitans > cohabito
colludere > colludo
collusi > colludo
commodati > commodatum
comparet > compareo
compellantur > compello
compellatur > compello
compelli > compello
competat > competo
competit > competo
compilare > compilo
compilata > compilo
componere > compono
concedere > concedo
conceptio > conceptio
conditio > condicio
conducto > conduco
conferat > confero
conferre > confero
confessio > confessio
confessionem > confessio
confesso > confessus
confirmationem > confirmatio
confiteatur > confiteor
coni > conium
conquisitione > conquisitio
conscribens > conscribo
consensu > consensus
consentire > consentio
consequatur > consequor
consilium > consilium
consona > consono
constitutis > constituo
consuetudine > consuetudo
consul > consul
consultationibus > consultatio
conte > contus
contempnentes > contemno
contigit > contingo
continens > continens
contingat > contingo
contingit > contingo
contra > contra
contractibus > contractus
contractu > contractus
contractus > contractus
contrarium > contrarium
contraxi > contraho
contumaciam > contumacia
convenire > convenio
conveniri > convenio
cor > cor
coram > cora
corpore > corpus
correctio > correctio
correptor > correptor
corrigas > corrigo
corrigatur > corrigo
corrumpit > corrumpo
corum > caurus
credebat > credo
credens > credo
credo > credo
cretum > cerno
crimen > crimen
criminaliter > criminalis
crimine > crimen
criminibus > crimen
criminis > crimen
criminosum > criminosus
criminosus > criminosus
criminum > crimen
crinaliter > crinalis
crine > crinis
cui > qui
cuius > cuius
cularem > culo
culpa > culpa
cum > cum
cunctarum > cunctus
cunctis > cunctus
cur > cur
curiosa > curiosus
cusa > cudo
cusare > cuso
cusato > cuso
dari > do
dato > dato
datur > do
de > de
debeat > debeo
debent > debeo
debet > debeo
debetur > debeo
debitoris > debitor
decem > decem
decernimus > decerno
decretum > decerno
deducta > deduco
deduxisse > deduco
defecerit > deficio
defendendum > defendo
defendere > defendo
defendet > defendo
defertur > defero
deficit > deficio
defuncti > defuncti
dei > deus
delatio > delatio
delicti > delictum
delictum > delictum
dem > do
denum > deni
denuntiationis > denuntiatio
denuntiatus > denuntio
denuntietur > denuntio
deo > deus
deportandus > deporto
depositi > depono
der > do
des > bes
desectum > deseco
desertis > desero
desiderantibus > desiderans
desistere > desisto
destiterit > desisto
deus > deus
devenit > devenio
di > deus
dicas > dica
dicatur > dico
dicendum > dico
dicere > dico
dicit > dico
dicitur > dico
dictata > dictata
dictis > dico
dictum > dico
dicuntur > dico
diem > dies
dies > dies
difficultatem > difficultas
digitis > digitus
dignitate > dignitas
dignitatem > dignitas
dilapidatione > dilapidatio
dilecta > dilecta
dilecti > dilecti
dilectum > delectus
diligenti > diligens
diligentia > diligens
disciplina > disciplina
discretionem > discretio
discretis > discerno
dispendia > dispendium
dispensative > dispensativus
dissolvendum > dissolvo
diversa > diversum
diversas > diversus
diversimode > diversimode
diversis > diversium
diversos > diversus
diversus > diversus
dividendo > dividendus
do > do
doctoribus > doctor
doctorum > doceo
dolo > dolo
dolorem > dolor
domini > dominium
donat > dono
donatio > donatio
donec > donec
dum > dum
dummodo > dummodo
duo > duo
duobus > duo
duriorem > durus
duxi > duco
e > ex
ea > ea
eadem > eadem
eam > eo
eas > eo
easdem > idem
ecclesia > ecclesia
ecclesiæ > ecclesia
ecclesiae > ecclesia
ecclesiam > ecclesia
ecclesias > ecclesia
ecclesiasticus > ecclesiasticus
ecclesiastica > ecclesiasticus
ecclesiasticam > ecclesiasticus
ecclesiastici > ecclesiasticus
ecclesiastico > ecclesiasticus
edendus > edo
edicto > edico
edoceri > edoceo
effectu > effectus
effectum > effectus
effectus > effectus
efficitur > efficio
effusionem > effusio
egit > ago
ego > ego
egregius > egregius
ei > ei
eis > is
eius > is
eiusdem > idem
elapso > elabor
electa > electo
electione > electio
electus > electus
elucidantur > elucido
emendes > emendo
emergit > emergo
empti > emo
empto > emo
emptor > emptor
enim > enim
enormem > enormis
enormis > enormis
eo > eo
eodem > eodem
eosdem > idem
episcopalia > episcopalis
episcopo > episcopus
episcopum > episcopus
episcopus > episcopus
equa > equa
erga > erga
ergo > ergo
errant > erro
esse > sum
esset > sum
est > sum
esto > sum
et > et
etiam > etiam
eum > is
evangelium > euangelium
evidentia > evidens
ex > ex
exceptio > exceptio
exceptione > exceptio
exceptionis > exceptio
exceptis > excipio
excessi > excedo
excessus > excedo
excipiunt > excipio
exclusio > exclusio
excommunicare > excommunico
excommunicatio > excommunicatio
excommunicatione > excommunicatio
excommunicationem > excommunicatio
excusat > excuso
excusetur > excuso
exempti > eximo
exemptioni > exemptio
exemptis > eximo
exemptus > exemptus
exercere > exerceo
exigendi > exigo
exigit > exigo
exilium > exilis
eximere > eximo
existens > existo
existente > existo
existit > existo
expediens > expedio
expensas > expendo
expensis > expendo
experitur > experior
exposuisti > expono
expressit > exprimo
exprimenda > exprimo
exprimere > exprimo
extitit > existo
extorta > extorqueo
extra > extra
exuberat > exubero
facere > facio
faciliter > facilis
facilius > facilis
facit > facio
faciunt > facio
facta > facio
factam > facio
factum > facio
factus > facio
facultatum > facultas
falci > falx
fallaciter > fallax
fallit > fallo
false > falsus
falsi > falsum
fami > fames
familiarem > familiaris
familias > familia
fatigaverit > fatigo
faustum > faustus
fecerit > facio
feci > facio
fecit > facio
femineo > femineus
feretur > fero
fiat > facio
fide > fides
fidei > fides
fidem > fides
fides > fides
fieri > facio
filiis > filia
fine > finis
finita > finio
fleri > fleo
forma > forma
foro > foro
forsan > forsan
forte > fors
forum > forum
forus > forus
frater > frater
fraterna > fraterno
fraternitatis > fraternitas
fratris > frater
fraudulenter > fraudulenter
frigi > frigo
fuerat > sum
fuerit > sum
fugientes > fugiens
fuisse > sum
fuit > sum
fundata > fundatus
fundi > fundo
fundum > fundus
furem > fur
furti > furtum
furto > furtum
futuri > futurum
generale > generale
generaliter > generalis
generari > genero
genus > genu
gesti > gero
glos > glos
glosa > glossa
gratia > gratia
gravis > gravis
graviter > gravis
habeat > habeo
habeatur > habeo
habentes > habeo
habentur > habeo
habere > habeo
haberet > habeo
habes > habeo
habet > habeo
habetur > habeo
habito > habeo
habitus > habeo
habuisse > habeo
habuit > habeo
hac > hac
haeretica > haereticus
haereticae > haereticus
haereticam > haereticus
haeretici > haereticus
haereticis > haereticus
haeretico > haereticus
haereticorum > haereticus
haereticos > haereticus
haereticum > haereticus
hæretica > haereticus
hæreticae > haereticus
hæreticam > haereticus
hæretici > haereticus
hæreticis > haereticus
hæretico > haereticus
hæreticorum > haereticus
hæreticos > haereticus
hæreticum > haereticus
heretica > haereticus
hereticae > haereticus
hereticam > haereticus
heretici > haereticus
hereticis > haereticus
heretico > haereticus
hereticorum > haereticus
hereticos > haereticus
hereticum > haereticus
heli > helios
here > erus
heredita > heredito
hereditatem > hereditas
hereditatis > hereditas
heres > heres
hic > hic
his > hic
hoc > hic
hominum > homo
homines > homo
hominis > homo
hominorum > homo
honestate > honestas
honestatis > honestas
honorem > honoro
honores > honoro
huiusmodi > huiusmodi
humiliter > humilis
i > eo
iactura > iacio
iam > iam
ibi > ibi
ibidem > ibidem
idem > idem
ideo > ideo
idoneum > idoneus
igitur > igitur
ignorabitur > ignoro
ignorans > ignoro
ignoranter > ignoranter
ignorare > ignoro
ii > eo
illa > illa
ille > ille
illo > ille
illorum > ille
illud > ille
illum > ille
immo > immo
immunis > immunio
impar > impar
impedimentum > impedimentum
impediretur > impedio
imperator > imperator
impetrare > impetro
impetret > impetro
impie > impius
imposita > impono
in > in
inanis > inaniae
incertis > incertum
inchoatam > inchoo
incidit > incido
incurrit > incurro
inde > inde
indicium > indicium
indignis > indignus
infamatus > infamo
infamem > infamis
infames > infamis
infamia > infamia
infamis > infamia
infinita > infinitum
infinitus > infinitus
infra > infra
ingenii > ingenium
ingressus > ingredior
iniecta > inicio
inimicis > inimica
inimicus > inimicus
iniquitatis > iniquitas
iniquius > iniquus
initiato > initio
iniungenda > iniungo
iniuriam > iniuria
iniuriarum > iniuria
iniurias > iniuria
iniuste > iniustus
inopia > inopia
inordinate > inordinatus
inquiratur > inquiro
inquisitionis > inquisitio
inscribere > inscribo
inscribit > inscribo
instituere > instituo
institutam > instituo
instrumenta > instrumentum
insufficiens > insufficiens
intelleximus > intellego
intellige > intelligo
intelligentiam > intelligentia
intelligitur > intelligo
intendit > intendo
intendunt > intendo
intentionem > intentio
intentionis > intentio
inter > inter
interdictum > interdico
interficiatur > interficio
interim > interim
intersit > intersum
intrare > intro
inutilem > inutilis
inveneris > invenio
invenire > invenio
inveniri > invenio
inveniuntur > invenio
ipsa > ipse
ipse > ipse
ipsis > ipse
ipsius > ipse
ipso > ipse
ipsorum > ipse
ipsos > ipse
ipsum > ipse
ira > ira
ire > eo
is > eo
isdem > idem
ista > iste
istis > eo
ita > ita
itaque > itaque
item > item
iter > iter
iterum > iterum
iubemus > iubeo
iudex > iudex
iudica > iudico
iudice > iudex
iudices > iudex
iudiciarius > iudiciarius
iudicio > iudicium
iudicis > iudex
iudicium > iudicium
iura > iuro
iuramentum > iuramentum
iuravit > iuro
iure > ius
iuretur > iuro
iuris > ius
iurisdictionem > iurisdictio
ius > ius
iusta > iusta
iustam > iustus
iuste > iustus
johannis > iohannes
laicorum > laicus
laicus > laicus
languidis > languidus
lectoribus > lector
legata > legatum
lege > lego
legere > lego
leges > lego
legitime > legitimus
lenocinio > lenocinium
levi > levis
levia > levis
levibus > levis
leviter > levis
libelli > libellus
libello > libellus
libellorum > libellus
libellus > libellus
libere > liber
libertatem > libertas
libertati > libertas
librariorum > librarium
librorum > liber
licentia > licens
licere > liceo
licet > liceo
lite > lino
litem > lis
liti > lino
litigiosa > litigiosus
litteris > littera
locato > locatum
loci > locus
locum > locus
magis > maga
magistris > magister
magistrum > magister
magnitudine > magnitudo
maiestatis > maiestas
maior > magnus
maiori > magnus
mandata > mandatum
mandati > mandatum
mandato > mandatum
mandatum > mandatum
manifesta > manifesto
manifestum > manifestus
manu > manus
manus > manos
mariti > mariti
maritos > mariti
maritus > maritus
materia > materia
materiam > materia
materias > materia
matrimonio > matrimonium
matrimonium > matrimonium
matris > mater
matus > matus
matutinis > matutinus
maxime > magis
mea > mea
meam > mea
mediante > medio
mei > ego
melius > bonus
membri > membrum
mensem > mensis
merito > mereo
metum > metus
mihi > ego
milibus > mille
militer > milito
minime > parvus
minimus > parvus
minor > mino
minori > parvus
minoribus > parvus
minoro > minoro
minus > minus
mirabile > mirabilis
miretur > miror
missa > missa
missus > missus
mitius > mitis
mitti > mitto
modernorum > modernus
modico > modicus
modo > modo
modum > modus
modus > modus
monachi > monachium
monachis > monacha
monacho > monachus
monachos > monachus
monachum > monachus
monachus > monachus
monasterio > monasterium
monere > moneo
monete > moneo
monitio > monitio
monitus > moneo
mora > mora
morem > moror
mores > moror
moritur > morior
mors > mors
mortali > mortalis
mortaliter > mortalis
mortem > mors
mortuum > morior
movere > moveo
mu > mu
mulier > mulier
mulieres > mulier
mulieribus > mulier
multa > multa
multas > multa
multi > multum
multiplicem > multiplex
multum > multum
mutandi > muto
mutilatio > mutilatio
mutilationem > mutilatio
mutilatus > mutilo
mutuo > mutuo
mutus > mutus
namque > namque
nari > gnarus
natur > no
natura > nascor
ne > ne
nec > nec
necem > neco
necessaria > necessarius
necessarios > necessarius
necessarium > necessarius
necessarius > necessarius
necesse > necesse
necessitate > necessitas
necnon > necnon
negavit > nego
nego > nego
nemo > nemo
ni > ni
nihil > nihil
nisi > nisi
no > no
nobis > nos
nolet > nolo
noluerit > nolo
non > nolo
nondum > nondum
nonnulli > nonnullus
nos > nos
nosci > nosco
noscitur > nosco
nostram > noster
nostri > nos
nota > nosco
notandum > noto
notata > notatus
notatur > noto
notorium > notorius
nova > novo
novi > nosco
nulla > nullus
nullam > nullus
nulli > nullus
nullo > nemo
nullum > nullus
nullus > nullus
nunc > nunc
nupsit > nubo
ob > ob
obedientia > oboediens
obedientiam > oboedientia
oblationem > oblatio
obligare > obligo
obligatio > obligatio
obligatione > obligatio
obligatur > obligo
observatur > observo
obstabit > obsto
obstat > obsto
occulto > occulo
odiose > odiosus
officiales > officialis
officio > officio
officium > officium
oleum > oleum
olim > olim
omne > omnis
omnia > omnis
omnibus > omnis
omnipotens > omnipotens
omnium > omnis
onus > onus
opera > opera
operibus > opus
opinionem > opinio
opiniones > opinio
oporteat > oportet
oppressa > opprimo
optinendo > obtineo
opus > opus
opusculo > opusculum
ordi > ordium
ordinariam > ordinarius
ordinate > ordinatus
ordine > ordo
ordinem > ordino
ordinis > ordo
ordo > ordo
ostendere > ostendo
pacificare > pacifico
pacto > paciscor
papa > papa
papam > papa
paratos > paratus
pares > par
parte > pario
participes > particeps
partis > pario
partus > pario
passam > pando
pasto > pasco
pastoralis > pastoralis
pateat > pateo
patet > pateo
patre > pater
patris > pater
patronatus > patronatus
paulus > paulus
peccat > pecco
peccata > peccatum
peccatis > peccatum
peccato > peccatum
peccatorum > peccator
peccatoris > peccator
peccaverit > pecco
peculatus > peculatus
pena > penus
pendente > pendeo
pene > paene
penis > penis
per > per
percusserit > percutio
percussio > percussio
periculose > periculosus
peritiam > peritia
peritissimus > peritus
permutatio > permutatio
perpetuatur > perpetuo
perplexitatem > perplexitas
persona > persona
personales > personalis
personali > personalis
personalibus > personalis
personas > persona
persone > personus
pertinet > pertineo
perutile > perutilis
perutilis > perutilis
pervis > pervolo
petatur > peto
petendi > peto
petentes > peto
petenti > peto
petere > peto
petit > peto
petite > peto
petitio > petitio
peto > peto
pignoraticia > pigneraticius
placet > placeo
plenam > plenus
plenda > pleo
plerumque > plerumque
plura > multus
plures > multus
populum > populus
porro > porro
pos > post
posita > pono
posse > possum
possent > possum
posses > possum
possessionem > possessio
possessioni > possessio
possessionum > possessio
possessor > possessor
possessorem > possessor
posset > possum
possidere > possideo
possit > possum
possunt > possum
post > post
postea > postea
postquam > postquam
pote > potis
potentiori > potens
potentioribus > potens
poterat > possum
potes > possum
potest > possum
potestas > potestas
potestate > potestas
potestatem > potestas
potestatis > potestas
potius > potis
praecedere > praecedo
praedicta > praedico
praedicto > praedico
praela > prelum
praelati > praefero
praelatus > praefero
praescribere > praescribo
praescribetur > praescribo
praesens > praesens
praesentare > praesento
praestabit > praesto
praestita > praesto
praesumptionem > praesumptio
praesumptuose > praesumptuosus
praeter > praeter
praeterea > praeterea
praetor > praetor
precor > precor
prela > prelum
primam > prior
primo > primo
primum > primum
principio > principium
prior > prior
prius > prior
privilegio > privilegium
pro > pro
proba > proba
probabiliter > probabilis
probandi > probo
probante > probo
probat > probo
probatio > probatio
probationis > probatio
probatis > probata
probato > probatus
probavit > probo
probet > probo
procax > procax
procedens > procedo
procedere > procedo
processit > procedo
procura > procuro
procurat > procuro
prodest > prosum
proditio > proditio
proditor > proditor
proferatur > profero
professus > professus
prohibentur > prohibeo
prohibere > prohibeo
prohibetur > prohibeo
prolixitatem > prolixitas
promissa > promissum
promisse > promissus
promittere > promitto
promoveri > promoveo
propinquis > propinquus
proponenda > propono
proponitur > propono
proprie > proprius
propriis > proprius
proprio > proprio
proprium > proprius
propter > propter
prosecutus > prosequor
prosequatur > prosequor
prosequendi > prosequor
publicare > publico
publice > publice
publico > publico
publicum > publicus
puniendus > punio
punitur > punio
pupillus > pupillus
purgatione > purgatio
purgaverit > purgo
qua > qua
quaere > quaero
quaestionibus > quaestio
quali > qualis
qualitate > qualitas
qualitatem > qualitas
qualiter > qualiter
quam > quam
quando > quando
quandoque > quandoque
quanti > quantus
quantitate > quantitas
quantum > quantus
quare > quare
quas > qui
quasi > quasi
que > que
quem > qui
quemadmodum > quemadmodum
questione > questio
qui > queo
quia > quia
quibus > qui
quibusdam > quidam
quicquid > quisquis
quid > quid
quidam > quidam
quidem > quidem
quilibet > quilibet
quis > queo
quo > qui
quocumque > quicumque
quod > qui
quoniam > quoniam
quorum > qui
quos > qui
quosdam > quidam
quotidie > cotidie
ratio > ratio
ratione > ratio
rationibus > ratio
rato > ratus
re > res
rebus > res
receptus > receptus
recipere > recipio
recipi > recipio
recipiantur > recipio
reconciliaverit > reconcilio
reddas > reddo
redire > redeo
reducere > reduco
referunt > refero
regni > regnum
regula > regula
regularem > regularis
regulari > regularis
regularium > regularis
rei > res
relatum > refero
religionem > religio
religiosa > religiosus
religiosum > religiosus
religiosus > religiosus
relinquat > relinquo
relinquendum > relinquo
rem > res
remaneat > remaneo
remanens > remaneo
remis > remus
remissio > remissio
remissionem > remissio
remissionis > remissio
remotio > remotio
removeatur > removeo
removeri > removeo
removetur > removeo
rendum > reor
renum > ren
renunti > renuntius
renuntiare > renuntio
reo > reus
repellentur > repello
repellere > repello
repellitur > repello
reperiat > reperio
replicat > replico
repraesentare > repraesento
reprobari > reprobo
reprobato > reprobo
reputatur > reputo
require > requiro
requirere > requiro
requiritur > requiro
requisitus > requiro
rerum > res
res > res
rescripto > rescribo
resistente > resisto
respectu > respectus
respondere > respondeo
respuere > respuo
resti > restis
reum > reus
reus > reus
reverentiam > reverentia
rigore > rigor
rue > ruo
rupta > rumpo
sacerdos > sacerdos
sacramentis > sacramentum
salubria > saluber
sanctissime > sanctus
sane > sane
sanguinis > sanguis
satisdatione > satisdatio
scelus > scelus
sciendum > scio
scientia > sciens
scientiarum > scientia
scilicet > scilicet
scripta > scribo
scriptis > scribo
scriptura > scribo
se > semi
seculari > saecularis
seculo > saeculum
secundum > secundum
secundus > secundus
secus > secundus
sed > sed
sedem > sedes
semel > semel
semper > semper
senatus > senatus
sententia > sententia
sententiam > sententia
septa > saepio
sequantur > sequor
sequatur > sequor
servanda > servo
servande > servo
servari > servo
seu > sive
sexui > sexus
sexum > sexus
si > si
sibi > sibus
sic > sic
sicut > sicut
signi > signio
significasti > significo
similia > similis
similiter > similis
simplices > simplex
simpliciter > simplex
simplicium > simplex
simul > simul
sine > sine
singulas > singula
singulis > singula
sint > sum
sit > sum
sive > sive
socio > socio
soli > sol
solus > solus
solùm > solum
speciali > specialis
species > species
spiritualis > spiritualis
spiritualem > spiritualis
spirituale > spiritualis
spolia > spolio
spoliatum > spoliatus
sponsam > spondeo
sponte > spons
state > sisto
statuimus > statuo
statuto > statuo
stricte > strictus
stricti > strictus
studeat > studeo
studiose > studiosus
studiosius > studiosus
studui > studeo
sua > suus
suam > suo
sub > sub
subditarum > subdo
subdito > subdito
subditos > subdo
subditum > subditus
subiectas > subicio
subiectus > subicio
sublata > sublatus
subtilitate > subtilitas
succubuit > succumbo
sue > suo
sufficit > sufficio
suggestum > suggero
sui > sui
suis > suo
sum > sum
summa > summa
summas > summa
summe > summe
sumpsit > sumo
sunt > sum
suo > suo
suorum > suus
suos > suus
super > super
superest > supersum
superiorem > superus
suppositi > suppono
suppositus > suppono
supradictum > supradictus
suspecta > suspecto
suspectus > suspectus
suspendere > suspendo
suspensionem > suspensio
suspitione > suspicio
suum > sus
synodum > synodus
talem > talis
tali > talis
talibus > talis
talionem > talio
talionis > talio
tam > tam
tamen > tamen
tanguntur > tango
tanta > tantus
tantorum > tantus
tantum > tantum
tantundem > tantundem
temporalium > temporalis
tempore > tempus
tempus > tempus
tenet > teneo
tenetur > teneo
termino > termino
terreantur > terreo
tertio > tertio
testa > testa
testamentum > testamentum
testem > testis
testes > testis
testi > testis
testibus > testis
testis > testa
texte > texo
tibi > tu
titulis > titulum
tonsuram > tondeo
tormento > tormentum
totum > totus
tractans > tracto
tractatu > tractatus
tradi > trado
tradidit > trado
tradita > trado
tradite > trado
trahi > traho
transcursus > transcurro
tria > tres
tribuas > tribuo
tribus > tres
tritum > tero
tu > tu
tua > tuus
tuam > tuus
tuas > tuus
tue > tueor
tunc > tunc
tutor > tuto
usure > utor
usuris > usura
utilitas > utilitas
utilitate > utilitas
utilitateis > utilitas
utilitatem > utilitas
utilitates > utilitas
utilitati > utilitas
utilitatibus > utilitas
utilitatis > utilitas
utilitatium > utilitas
utilitatum > utilitas
vacillaverit > vacillo
vagabundi > vagabundus
vale > valeo
valeat > valeo
valeret > valeo
varietatem > varietas
vel > vel
velare > velaris
vendas > vendo
vendito > vendito
venerabili > venerabilis
venerabilis > venerabilis
veniens > veneo
venit > veneo
veniunt > venio
venundantur > venundo
ver > ver
verberandus > verbero
verberato > verbero
verbis > verbum
verbo > verbum
veritate > veritas
veritatis > veritas
vero > vero
verum > ver
verus > veru
vici > vicis
vico > vicus
victo > vinco
victor > victor
videatur > video
videndum > video
videtur > video
vilis > vilis
vim > vis
vindicare > vindico
vindictam > vindicta
violenta > violentus
violenter > violens
uir > vir
uiri > vir
vir > vir
viri > vir
virile > virilis
virorum > vir
virum > vir
visus > video
vita > vita
vitiosus > vitiosus
vivos > vivus
vocat > voco
volens > volens
volentes > volens
voluerit > volo
voluminum > volumen
voluntate > voluntas
vos > vos
vult > volo
